JAX: Refactor JAX D2L API to support BatchNorm (#2354)
d2l-ai/d2l-en: chapter_linear-classification/softmax-regression-concise.md

```{.python .input}
%%tab jax
@d2l.add_to_class(d2l.Classifier)  #@save
@partial(jax.jit, static_argnums=(0, 5))
def loss(self, params, X, Y, state, averaged=True):
    Y_hat = state.apply_fn({'params': params}, X,

>                            mutable=False, rngs=None)  # BN & Dropout used later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                           mutable=False, rngs=None)  # To be used later (e.g., for batch norm)
```

    Y_hat = d2l.reshape(Y_hat, (-1, Y_hat.shape[-1]))
    fn = optax.softmax_cross_entropy_with_integer_labels

>     # Empty dict in return indicates aux data; to be used in BatchNorm later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The returned empty dictionary is a placeholder for auxiliary data,
    # which will be used later (e.g., for batch norm)
```
